now we are in new
renovated dalida sports
gymnastics our school is considered the center
physical development to this school
recruited kids for recovery and
development of general physical
children recruited from 4 to 6 years
classes are held with them in the game
form
but with elements of learning how to acrobatics
both artistic gymnastics and
sports activities are all
qualified and
trainer teacher
master of sports development of all muscle groups
absolutely if in fiction
gymnastics need more
plastic flexibility we have the power of things
since I sat down we consulted with our dad
baby child really wanted
engage she saw girls
doing what they what they learn in
school and she really wanted and you came
here I believe that physical
endurance and all physical qualities
that develop through
gymnastics
they are needed and always come in handy
further life
let him not become Olympic
a champion but none the less
will be busy and limit to
get here like some kind of champion already
from birth to be on not necessarily all
do and
invite everyone to our room for a general
physical development of the child will be happy
we will give to all your children
my love and the sea ​​of ​​joyful smiles
we will interest the child
employee occupation and even more to the sport
that's for sure